WISP 4.3.06 - Windows 2000 Telnet Problem
=========================================

A problem was discovered with WISP 4.3.06 when running under Telnet on
Windows 2000.  It appears that console Input under Telnet on Windows
2000 is filtering out Escape (0x1b) and Newline (0x0a)
characters. This causes keyboard processing to fail if the keys
generate Escape or Newline characters.  

The default VT220 7-bit terminal emulation uses the Escape character
as a lead-in character for all function and arrow keys. 

To workaround the problem it is suggested you switch to using VT220
8-bit terminal emulation. 

The following files are provided:

The WINCON videocap file should replace your current copy of WINCON in
your videocap folder (c:\wisp4306\config\videocap).  It has been
enhanced to recognize VT220 8-bit key control sequences in addition to
the 7-bit key control sequences it already understood. 

The vt220.kbd Costar keyboard definition file should replace the
vt220.kbd file in your Costar installation folder (C:\W4W). It has be
changed to send VT220 8-bit key control sequences instead of the 7-bit
key control sequences it previously sent.  The version is based off of
the vt220_8.kbd file that is distributed with Costar with additions to
support 32 PF keys. 

The MOUSE.SCR Costar script file should replace the file
C:\W4W\w4w\mouse.scr.  This script was updated in 1999 to support
Telnet on NT and has been available for download since then however
you may still have old versions of it.  The script was changed to
terminate the mouse position with a Carrage Return (\r) instead of a
Newline (\n).  If you are using a Visual Basic front-end to Costar you
may not need this file. 

The w4w_vt220 videocap file is provided in case you also use Costar
for Unix access to WISP migrated applications.  It has been enhanced
to also recognize the VT220 8-bit keys. 
